# DevMode Development

Shell and markdown 4tw!


## VCS

- Everything is on GitHub as GIT or SVN
- Fork the repository or ask for access


### Commits

- Begin with the issue number
- Followed by section(s) with colon
- And an explanation what the new feature is / bug was

Note:
The section can be any "scope" of Magento like "core:" or deeper like "catalog: product:".
This will help generating the ChangeLog later on, so the major description / header needs to
be such a text that briefly describes the feature or bug to an end-user.


## Sample workflow

- From shell to doc


### Shell, Swap, Test, Doc

- Hack and make it work somehow in the **shell**.
- **Swap** to model, helper and backend.
- Write **tests** for those.
- Make some screen shots and **doc** for release notes.


## UnitTest

- Will be made with EcomDev_PHPUnit for magento
- Run on travis-ci for:
    - PHP 5.4 / 5.3
    - Magento 1.7.0.2 / 1.6.2.0 / 1.5.1.0


### Naming

- Test-classes are named like the tested class
- Methods will form a sentence like a feature description
- phpunit --testdox-text FEATURES.md  --stop-on-failure

Note:
With this setup PHPUnit will almost generate a feature list.
You only need to revise the list and eliminate duplicates or cut of the "LeMike_DevMode_Test_xyz_"
from the class names.


## Code Quality

- Static code quality with PHP_CodeSniffer (see `dev/codeSniffer.xml`)


## Power of the docs

- Use it for release notes
- Generate a manual
- Have something to read in GitHub
- Use it as presentation in no time


### Tools

Within the doc folder you find some helpful scripts:

- makeManual.sh - will generate a Manual.pdf
- makePresentation.php - will create a reveal.js presentation

Note: This is all generated by using the MD


### Structure

To make this possible the MD must have this:

- Double-New-Line to let it be a new slide (e.g. above headings)
- "Note: " as prefix for paragraphs that shall be a note in presentation.
- A limit of 5 bullets or one image/source per slide.
- Clean structure and short sentences.
